10/09/2017
09:00 - Created the collections-bried query - decided to completely eradicate departments and categories.
I will instead get the user to departmentalise their staff, and then set permissions (for read, write, and view) on each department
for each collection. I thought it seemed tedious at first, but you don't create collections very often so... it doesn't hurt to configure
access settings when creating one.. 
********I guess I can add a mass-access configurating page later or something to allow the user to apply access settings to multiple or all collections.
06:19 - Make an /api/get/all-collections endpoint or something, where you get literally everything you'll need. Then when the view component is mounted, just filter out the couple of things 
23:26 - Ok, editing fields works but there's a duplication error ... try editing one, then edit the other. They both take the same values (only in vuex & frontend not backend ... debug it and figure out why)

08/09/2017 
 - "SELECT collections.name as 'collection_name', permissions.permission FROM collections LEFT JOIN permissions"
 Working on SQL query to basically get back all collections that the current user ISNT banned from viewing...
 But how do I restrict whether or not they can click on it etc.? :/


1/09/2017 #Eid


31/08/2017
Contacted some influencers, hijabis, bears, league ... ill see which reply
Contacted a whole bunch of fb users...
Aaaand, now I'm just gonna sit back, if I get them to agree with a good price - i'll work on the site more, add a wallpaper, insert products, do a test etc.


30/08/2017 #Birthday
Aside from it being your birthday ^.^...
Use myip.ms to track popular Shopify websites for your niche, look at their products & study them
Try to go for products under $1 for a bigger margin
Check how the products are doing on Ebay/Amazon first
Instagram influencers
Currency conversion plugin on Shopify



29/08/2017
TO DO:
07:00 - Eat breakfast
08:10 - Go to work
??:?? - Get your work done
??:?? - Eat snacks
??:?? - Eat lunch
??:?? - Get some movement in
??:?? - Work
??:?? - Work
??:?? - Work
??:?? - Work
??:?? - Work
??:?? - Work
17:15 - Hometime!
Buy exfoliator
Already bought the book and renewed bus pass, so it's all gd there
18:00 - HOME! Relax.. :D
19:00 - Dinner.
19:45 - Spend some time working on magicrows.
21:00 - Research and learn more about the Shopify thing, read and research A LOT!
Create a logo for passive creativity, and a banner... keep in mind you can do anything with this brand atm
I'm considering leaning towards like jewelery, necklaces targeted at body-building males and perhaps pet-owning/fashion-loving women etc.
Make sure the site looks legit, put a lot of content into it, proof-check, grammar-check ... keep it informative, to the point, and punchy..
Keep the pictures sleek and HQ - add contact sources so people know I ain't playin around!
Look around for the Obleru plugin or w/e, re-watch that How To Build a Six Figure...... vid, study it, watch similar ones, search for alternatives to the 
app he sells for $47/month...
Market well, load all products on your store, set up facebook group, get a couple of likes on there, add lots of pics and make posts. 
Consider using fiverr.. etc. to draw people to the group (I suggest doing this AFTER you have pics and posts with offers and link to the products)
Once site and group etc. are all set up, launch the ad campaign!
Hopefully you get a couple of sales from it!! Then keep learning, keep marketing!!



28/08/2017
Today I managed to do the functionality for editing a field. So, you click on its name, it gets loaded into the form, and you can change values
and then press the tick to submit changes. I also added a create button on the bottom-left, and a small delete icon on the top-right, aligned with the panel's
heading. I kept the delete icon small, and as an icon to make it hard to see, which just makes it less likely for somebody to accidentally delete the entire idea.
I've also changed the database, started afresh, created an Idea model and also migrated the database. I'm ready to start inserting.

25/08/2017
13:15 - Need to make it so that when they make the type 'Yes/No - Specified' ... they should be able to put 2 values in
^ no need for this... think about it, it's illogical if you are already able to name a Yes/No field, you don't need to specify it.
19:56 - Dropdown type
00:18 - Perhaps

23/08/2017
22:43 - Worked on this page a lot more... (Idea Component)
22:49 - Made it so the opt-buttons beside the inputs for the fields are better positioned, and also - it only shows a tick (to add fields) unless a field is actively being edited in which case all three buttons appear (submit changes, cancel, and delete field), also added a "unique" property, which basically means,
when enabled, that values in this particular field must be like an id field, it has to be unique from any other existing record of this idea/collection


21/08/2017
Ok this notes page will be private only for this project, the others can be whatever :D this one doesn't have to care about it :p
Ok so when creating an idea, you can select from one of these field types:
	Text
	Number
	Email
	Random value
	Counter
a random ID is a hexadecimal ID
a counter is a number that's assigned according to the (number of currently-existing records + 1)
by default, the application will have its own rules on various restrictions and character limitations...
however, if the person presses 'Advanced' when creating a field, they'll gain access to another set of 
more customisable properties of that field, like enforcing minimum/maximum character lengths, not matching
certain patterns, making it unique. For example, if a person creates a new field called "Invitation Token",
and sets it to a type of: "Random value"... by default, the application will generate a 32-bit alphanumeric string
of random combination. However, if the user clicks advanced, they can modify it to be a 5-character-long, unique, numbers-only random digit